On September 23, 2015, it was announced at all branches that the governing body was
requesting all Bethel families to reduce in size.
For me personally, when they made that announcement on the Wednesday of September 23, that was exciting.
I knew it was momentous.
When the announcement was made, tears rolled up in my eyes because I realized how close we are to the end.
And I remember just closing my eyes and saying to Jehovah, whatever you want will do.
When I received news of my reassignment, initially I was numb.
When I got news about my reassignment, I was so scared at the beginning.
Caught me off guard. I wasn't expecting it.
We were quite shocked and sad, but we were encouraged by the brothers at Bethel and also in the congregation.
The direction from the governing body was where being reassigned as regular pioneers.
We signed the forms for pioneering that very Thursday.
For me, I've always appreciated the scripture for Samuel 1222, where it states here for the sake of his great name Jehovah, not abandon his people.
I don't want to forget my Bethel time because it was lovely, but I want to stretch forward ahead to pioneering and really enjoy it.
We pray specifically for a place that is going to help us to be as simple as possible so that we can forecast our attention to the ministry.
All that I'd love to say to everyone who has been reassigned is that Jehovah is our father and will never relinquish his responsibility as a father.
He will take care of us.
We are losing four couples from our congregation and I would like to tell the congregation where they have been assigned to.
That they are getting real spiritual people and that they are really going to be an asset to their congregation.
I just want to also think the brothers in the congregation will be going to because they organize secular work for us and also as Bonnie mentioned accommodation.
So they made it easy for us to look forward to our assignment.
But we know this, of course, comes from Jehovah.
And so the Bronze Committee said, well, we have to move quickly with this.
We asked the family, please give us two, three weeks to work things out and that is what they appreciated.
Congregations, funding, the Bethelites were offered jobs, they were offered accommodation.
Our congregation is delighted.
Having two young Bethelites coming in general, our congregation has quite a number of young people.
We can already see that it's going to benefit them quite a lot.
We've actually assisted them in getting a place where they could stay and also assisted them to settle in and be part of the congregation.
Welcome to our new home. We've been here a little over a week now.
The brothers helped to paint their house, to put tiles on, to clean the entire place.
So they really did a lot of work in our behalf.
Also memories of our friends from Deva.
It was about six months ago when we enjoyed Pioneer School.
Thanks to your brothers, we were able to find employment.
Jehovah has been answering our prayers and sometimes he's been answering our concerns even before we even pray about it.
No doubt these extraordinary experiences in South Africa are mirrored all over the world.
The love we show to each other is a reflection of Jehovah's great love for each of us.
And we thank him to be part of this amazing brother.